Some updates on Everywhere doubled line (#1228)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000086/properties/P000204.md

---
space: S000086
property: P000204
value: false
---

> For every $(x,i)\in X$ the set $(\mathbb{R}\setminus\{x\}){\times}\{0\}\cup\{(x,1-i)\}$ is dense and connected,
> hence removal of the point does not disconnect $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easy to check by inspection.
```

Author: Of course it is easy to check, but I do not see why the original argument was _irrelevant_. The fact that we are left with a dense "spine" (homemorphic to the real line) seems the simplest proof of connectedness of $X\setminus\\{(x,i)\\}$.

Reviewer: I see now.  I had not understood the argument.  Let me try to suggest something to make that more clear, to me at least.

> For every $(x,i)\in X$ the set $(\mathbb{R}\setminus\{x\}){\times}\{0\}\cup\{(x,1-i)\}$ is dense and connected,
> hence removal of the point does not disconnect $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing a point $z\in \mathbb R\times\{1\}$ does not disconnect the space, as $X\setminus\{z\}$ contains as a dense set the set $\mathbb R\times\{0\}$, which is homeomorphic to $\mathbb R$ and thus connected.  And the same holds for every other point $z$ since {S86|P86}.
```

Author: Using homogeneity we can go further: consider $z=(0,1)$ only. In fact we can prove **not P205**.

Reviewer: P205 is equivalent to P204 in this case, due to T636.

Author: I know. The proof above is based on it, so we could switch to the other property.

Reviewer: Okay.  Whatever you prefer is fine.
